6023 admin UI docs for cloud dedicated (#6028)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb3/cloud-dedicated/admin/tokens/management/revoke.md

  ```
---

Use the Admin UI or the [`influxctl management revoke` command](/influxdb3/cloud-dedicated/reference/cli/influxctl/management/revoke/)
to revoke a management token and remove all access associated with the token.

{{< tabs-wrapper >}}
{{% tabs %}}
[Admin UI](#admin-ui)
[influxctl](#influxctl)
{{% /tabs %}}
{{% tab-content %}}
<!------------------------------BEGIN ADMIN UI ------------------------------>

> The InfluxDB Cloud Dedicated administrative UI includes a portal for managing management tokens.

Author: ```suggestion
The {{% product-name %}} administrative UI includes a portal for managing management tokens.
```

> 1.  To access the {{< product-name >}} Admin UI, visit the following URL in your browser:

Author: ```suggestion
1.  To access the {{< product-name omit="InfluxDB " >}} Admin UI, visit the following URL in your browser:
```
